Add "Validate Consent Integration" section (#5544)
segmentio/segment-docs: src/privacy/configure-consent-management.md

--->

### Validate your CMP integration

> Customers with Analytics.js 2.0 sources can use the [Segment Inspector](/docs/connections/sources/catalog/libraries/website/javascript/#segment-inspector) to confirm that events from their source contain the [consent object](/docs/privacy/consent-in-segment-connections) and, for Unify/Engage users, the [Segment Consent Preference event](/docs/privacy/consent-in-unify/#segment-consent-preference-event) emits every time end users update their consent preferences.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Customers with Analytics.js 2.0 sources can use the [Segment Inspector](/docs/connections/sources/catalog/libraries/website/javascript/#segment-inspector) to confirm that events from their source contain the [consent object](/docs/privacy/consent-in-segment-connections). Unify and Engage users can also verify that the [Segment Consent Preference event](/docs/privacy/consent-in-unify/#segment-consent-preference-event) emits every time end users update their consent preferences.
```

> All users can validate their consent integration with Segment by using the [Source Debugger](/docs/connections/sources/debugger/) to confirm that events contain the [consent object](/docs/privacy/consent-in-segment-connections). Unify/Engage users should also confirm their sources emit the [Segment Consent Preference event](/docs/privacy/consent-in-unify/#segment-consent-preference-event) every time end users update their consent preferences.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
All users can validate their consent integration by using Segment's [Source Debugger](/docs/connections/sources/debugger/) to confirm that events contain the [consent object](/docs/privacy/consent-in-segment-connections). Unify/Engage users should also confirm their sources emit the [Segment Consent Preference event](/docs/privacy/consent-in-unify/#segment-consent-preference-event) every time end users update their consent preferences.
```

Reviewer: The sentences about the `Segment Consent Preference event` in paragraphs 1 and 2 read similar to me. Is this intentional?
